DataGrid: Update Record Paging description (#35)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/RecordPaging/description.md

> The **DataGrid** automatically splits records across multiple pages. This optimizes performance as the **DataGrid** loads and renders only the current page records. Users can scroll the pages or use the pager to navigate between them. This demo illustrates the second case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **DataGrid** splits records into multiple pages. This technique helps optimize the control's performance: the client only needs to load and render one page at a time. Users can use a scroll bar or a pager to navigate between pages. This demo shows how to enable and customize the pager.
```

> The **DataGrid** splits records into multiple pages. This technique helps optimize the control's performance: the client only needs to load and render one page at a time. Users can use a scroll bar or a pager to navigate between pages. This demo shows how to enable and customize the pager.

Reviewer 2: _This technique helps optimize the control's performance: the client only needs to load and render one page at a time. Users can use a scroll bar or a pager to navigate between pages._

Is this a "technique", or do you mean "feature"?

Author: I would say it is more a technique than a feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **DataGrid** splits records into multiple pages. This technique helps optimize control performance: the client only needs to load and render one page at a time. Users can use a scroll bar or a pager to navigate between pages. This demo shows how to enable and customize the pager.
```

> The pager is configured in the [pager](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/) object and consists of the following elements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pager is configured in the [pager](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/) object and contains the following elements:
```

- **Page navigator**        

> Used to switch between pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables page navigation.
```

- **Page size selector**        

> Used to change the page size. To display this element, enable the [showPageSizeSelector](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#showPageSizeSelector) option. You can also define the [allowedPageSizes](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#allowedPageSizes) and specify the initial [pageSize](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/paging/#pageSize) in the [paging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/paging/) object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes the page size. To display this element, enable the [showPageSizeSelector](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#showPageSizeSelector) option. You can also define the [allowedPageSizes](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#allowedPageSizes) and specify the initial [pageSize](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/paging/#pageSize) in the [paging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/paging/) object.
```

> Changes the page size. To display this element, enable the [showPageSizeSelector](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#showPageSizeSelector) option. You can also define the [allowedPageSizes](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#allowedPageSizes) and specify the initial [pageSize](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/paging/#pageSize) in the [paging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/paging/) object.

Reviewer 2: _You can also define the [allowedPageSizes](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#allowedPageSizes) and..._

Is allowedPageSizes a method, an option, or something else? I think you should specify.

Author: It is an option but its name, as well as that of `pageSize`, is used in this sentence as plain text: "You can also define the allowed page sizes and specify the initial page size."

Reviewer 2: In that case, can we spell it out as "allowed page size" (use the singular form of "size"), like in your suggestion?
Also, we could change "pageSize" to "page size".

Author: No, because this is an option name.

Reviewer 2: Okay, I understand. Thank you.

- **Page information**      

> Displays the current page number and total record count. To display page information, enable the [showInfo](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#showInfo) option. You can also customize the [infoText](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#infoText).

Reviewer 3: For now, it seems unclear what is infoText and why we should customize it. I'm not really sure, but maybe 'You can also use the [pageSize]() option to customize row and page counters'?

Author: @AlexJameson How about this?
```suggestion
Displays the current page number and total record count. To display page information, enable the [showInfo](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#showInfo) option. You can also use the [infoText](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#infoText) option to customize the information text string.
```
